Add instructions on how to add a module to Development guide (#2804)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: DEVELOPMENT.md

./scripts/local-cluster.sh delete <name>
```

## Modules

Modules is the new way components are packaged and managed in Welkin.
They are packaged as [Crossplane Configurations](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/packages/configurations/) and installed as [Crossplane Composite Resources](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/composition/composite-resources/).

### Adding a Module

These are the general steps to do when replacing old Helm chart(s) with a Module.

1. Add the Crossplane Configuration package to `helmfile.d/lists/images.yaml`.

    ```diff
    images:
      crossplane:
        configurations:
    +      module-$NAME: $REGISTRY/welkin/module-$NAME:$VERSION
    ```

1. Create a Module Helm chart in `helmfile.d/charts/modules`.

    ```sh
    mkdir helmfile.d/charts/modules/$NAME
    ```

1. Add the `Chart.yaml` file in `helmfile.d/charts/modules/$NAME`.

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v2
    name: module-$NAME
    description: A Helm chart for the $NAME Module
    type: application
    version: 0.1.0
    appVersion: $APPLICATION_VERSION
    ```

> 1. Copy the values file from the old chart to the Module chart.

Reviewer: I might be missing something here, but is this not redundant, as default values should be handled by the module itself?

Author: Everything that we currently can configure in the current Helm chart needs to be configurable in the new Helm chart. If some of the values aren't exposed in the Apps config it's possible to reduce the values file, but that's out of scope for the migration.

    ```sh
    cp helmfile.d/charts/$NAME/values.yaml helmfile.d/charts/modules/$NAME/values.yaml

>     ```

Author: That failed pretty spectacularly for me when trying it for node-local-dns. :smile: 

```diff
$ yq .node-local-dns config/common-config.yaml > helmfile.d/charts/modules/node-local-dns/values.yaml
$ git diff

-clusterDNS: ""

-resources: {}

-ipFamilyPolicy: ""
-ipFamilies: []

-hostZone:
-  extraConfig: ""

-customConfig: ""

-image:
-  repository: ""
-  tag: ""
+null
```

>     ```

Author: I'm fine with that if we don't have a better way of conveying that everything that was previously configurable needs to still be configurable but the module spec doesn't need to be 1-1 mapped to the previous chart values.

@aarnq ?

> 1. Add ProviderConfigs to the Helm chart templates.

Reviewer: This should be handled globally and not for every module?

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: kubernetes.m.crossplane.io/v1alpha1
    kind: ProviderConfig
    metadata:
      name: $NAME-mc
    spec:
      credentials:
        source: InjectedIdentity
    ---
    apiVersion: helm.m.crossplane.io/v1beta1
    kind: ProviderConfig
    metadata:
      name: $NAME-mc
    spec:
      credentials:
        source: InjectedIdentity
    ```

1. Add the XR to the Helm chart templates.

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: module.elastisys.com/v1alpha1
    kind: $XR_KIND
    metadata:
      name: $NAME
    spec:
      foo: {{ .Values.foo }}
      bar: {{ .Values.bar | toYaml | nindent 4 }}
      providerConfigs:
        helm:
          mc:
            kind: ProviderConfig
            name: $NAME-mc
        kubernetes:
          mc:
            kind: ProviderConfig
            name: $NAME-mc
      crossplane:
        compositionRef:
            name: $NAME
    ```

1. Remove the old Helm chart

    ```sh
    rm -r helmfile.d/charts/$NAME
    ```

1. Update the stack in `helmfile.d/stacks/$STACK.yaml.gotmpl`

    ```diff
    + chart: charts/old-chart

>     - chart: charts/modules/$NAME

Reviewer 2: Question: Shouldn't this be the other way around?

```suggestion
    - chart: charts/old-chart
    + chart: charts/modules/$NAME
```

Author: You're absolutely right, great catch!

./scripts/local-cluster.sh delete <name>
```

## Modules

Modules is the new way components are packaged and managed in Welkin.
They are packaged as [Crossplane Configurations](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/packages/configurations/) and installed as [Crossplane Composite Resources](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/composition/composite-resources/).

### Adding a Module

These are the general steps to do when replacing old Helm chart(s) with a Module.

1. Add the Crossplane Configuration package to `helmfile.d/lists/images.yaml`.

    ```diff
    images:
      crossplane:
        configurations:
    +      module-$NAME: $REGISTRY/welkin/module-$NAME:$VERSION
    ```

1. Create a Module Helm chart in `helmfile.d/charts/modules`.

    ```sh
    mkdir helmfile.d/charts/modules/$NAME
    ```

1. Add the `Chart.yaml` file in `helmfile.d/charts/modules/$NAME`.

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v2
    name: module-$NAME
    description: A Helm chart for the $NAME Module
    type: application
    version: 0.1.0
    appVersion: $APPLICATION_VERSION
    ```

1. Copy the values file from the old chart to the Module chart.

> [!note]

> > The values does not need to be identical to the previous chart but everything that was previously configurable must still be configurable.

Reviewer 3: I feel like this would be a better wording as the old chart isn't really the point here is it, it is rather what can be set via the config?
```suggestion
> The values does not need to be identical to the previous chart but everything that is already configurable via the Apps common/sc/wc-config must still be configurable through the module.
```

Author: Great suggestion, thanks!
